RUN_NAME
==========

Purpose of this file
------------
This file provides general information about the simulation run launched from this directory,
with configuration and output files saved in the ```pwd``` and its subdirectories.
This file is automatically generated after SWIFT and Velociraptor are compiled in place and
is by default configured with the basic run details, such as the *run name*, *DM_particle mass 
resolution* and the *simulation type (whether DM-only or hydro)*.
Further information may be added to this file during production or in the analysis phase.
This provides the end user of the simulation data with a guideline for the usage of the outputs
and the main features of this particular run.
**Note:** this file should not contain any information about the run production phase, which is
not present in parameter files, initial conditions or other configuration modules. This information
should always be backed up and kept consistent with its primary sources. The usefulness of this
file is to present the information in a more direct and user-friendly way.

Structure of this directory
------------
```commandline
./RUN_NAME
|
|-- config
|   |-- SWIFT parameter file (.yml)
|   |-- VR parameter file (.cfg)
|   |-- SWIFT output snaps list (.txt)
|   |-- VR output snaps list (.txt)
|
|-- ics
|   |-- RUN_NAME.hdf5
|
|-- logs
|   |-- SWIFT stdout (.log)
|   |-- VR-specific-log-files
|   |-- SLURM stdout from SWIFT (.out/.err)
|   |-- SLURM stdout from VR (.out/.err)
|
|-- run_swift.slurm
|-- run_vr.slurm
|
|-- snapshots                    # Directory with the snap outputs
|   |-- ...                      # The format is: RUN_NAME_XXXX.hdf5 (XXXX = 4-digit integer)
|
|-- stf                          # Directory with the Velociaptor outputs
|   |-- ...                      # Format to be defined
|
|-- README.md
```

Details
------------
**Note on the resolution of zooms.** In order to keep track of SWIFT runs at different resolution and
to avoid confusion with SWIFT parameter files, the following resolution nomenclature is used. The reference
resolution is taken to be that of EAGLE and the mass-resolution of these runs is normalised to EAGLE.

```{filename}_{resolution_sign}{resolution_factor}res.{fileextension}```

Examples:
- Parameter file at 8x the EAGLE resolution:    ```eagle_+8res.yml```
- Parameter file at EAGLE resolution:           ```eagle_+1res.yml```
- Parameter file at 1/8th of EAGLE resolution:  ```eagle_-8res.yml```

This run has parameter file: PARAM_FILE.